I got smoke in the air nobody care I
just wanna shine I soak in the glare
I'll run to the top hosted stairs and
I'm a draws in a growth in a pair you
can't touch him if you can't trust him
you a loud mouth baby use it to bust
them you've grown accustomed to news and
a level abusing or less when I'm home in
a cup why let me the one I'm using a
high F you to the faggot or goofy / news
online getting leasing or I'll city will
transform our Keith is alive you see a
lotta stuff for me cuz I do bad things
when I'm hungry I get drunk and Eden
getting off the beat to more guess what
my lunch would be Dan you okay if it's
not with me in if you can't stand out
should be shocked dy luckily I got one
for you who on the blunt for me so give
me some squeeze and I'm chillin cool
straight great frontman watch it a great
place in my spot better vacate but treat
my dick like a shake weight y'all came
to please I came to leave after I came I
make and leave y'all fake kicked out
through maybelline man y'all all look
the same to me and that's make-believe
and I can't believe that shot became a
fan a I'm you got different clothes
different powers still that same old man
again so take all that cord again and
let's settle this argument we need no
Parliament is bipartisan so if you want
to be a part of this and let's go right
now
no make updates breaking up wait on
paper place it tough like a father
mistake up statement I hate when I'm
gonna put a wake up late
Wow like hell from my flower my mind I
got these hoes calling myself are like
we supposed to be tired I'm right way
wait wait who the fuck are you
fruit road up you don't wanna fuck well
you better dip like dunker rules ok I
get it
I should saving rather spend it with my
kid and I'm spending it's like I'm David
after Danice and it's it's real life oh
is it's real life no is this real life
I'll tell you what that feels like I got
shit that'll leave you trippin you hit
shit for that fix and what flip said I'm
grown and I make all y'all go kickflip
so all y'all go flip shit go get sick oh
fuck
I lay mines and a vine so they die when
I blow up just envision that fishin I
bet that fusion confusion I took physics
but I forget it admit I'm a stupid shit
about it so committed the music I just
want to live out my dreams go from E
loose if to loosen these haters got a
problem with me but don't got a solution
so they think if they don't crucifix it
then they got a Buddhist but this is a
revolution revolt rebellion a movement
in conclusion if you don't get it it's
because I go stupid